<option value=""></option>A. D. Patel Institute of Technology, Vallabh Vidyanagar
Adani Institute of Infrastructure Management, Ahmedabad
Ahmedabad University
B.K. School of Business Management, Ahmedabad
Birla Vishwakarma Mahavidyalaya
Birla Vishwakarma Mahavidyalaya, Anand
C K Pithawala College of Engineering and Technology, Surat
C. U. Shah College of Engineering and Technology, Surendranagar
C. U. Shah University
CEPT University
Charotar University of Science and Technology
Devang Patel Institute of Advance Technology and Research
Dharamsinh Desai University
Dr. Jivraj Mehta Institute of Technology, Anand
G H Patel College Of Engineering & Technology, Vallabh Vidyanagar
Gandhinagar University
Ganpat University
GLS University
Government Engineering College, Bharuch
Government Engineering College, Bhavnagar
Government Engineering College, Bhavnagar
Government Engineering College, Bhuj
Government Engineering College, Dahod
Government Engineering College, Gandhinagar
Government Engineering College, Godhra
Government Engineering College, Modasa
Government Engineering College, Palanpur
Government Engineering College, Patan
Government Engineering College, Rajkot
Government Engineering College, Valsad
Gujarat Technological University
Hasmukh Goswami College of Engineering, Ahmedabad
Indian Institute of Information Technology, Surat
Indian Institute of Information Technology, Vadodara
Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar
Indus University
International Institute of Management and Technical Studies, Ahmedabad
K.S. School of Business Management, Ahmedabad
Kadi Sarva Vishwavidyalaya	
Karnavati University, Ahmedabad
L. J. Institute of Management Studies, Ahmedabad
L.J. Institute of Engineering & Technology, Ahmedabad
Lalbhai Dalpatbhai College of Engineering, Ahmedabad
LDRP Institute of Technology and Research, Gandhinagar
Lukhdhirji Engineering College, Morbi
Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda
Marwadi University, Rajkot
Narnarayan Shastri Institute of Technology, Ahmedabad
National Institute of Mass Communication and Journalism - NIMCJ, Ahmedabad
Nirma University of Science and Technology
P P Savani University
Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University
Parul Institute of Engineering and Technology, Vadodara
Parul University
PDM College of Commerce, Rajkot
Rai University
Rashtriya Raksha University
Sardar Patel University
Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology
Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology, Surat
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad
Sarvajanik College of Engineering and Technology, Surat
Shantilal Shah Engineering College, Sidsar, Bhavnagar
Shri Labhubhai Trivedi Institute of Engineering & Technology, Rajkot
Silver Oak College of Engineering and Technology, Ahmedabad
Silver Oak University
St. Kabir Institute of Professional Studies, Ahmedabad
St. Xavier's College, Ahmedabad
Times Business School, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad
U. V. Patel College of Engineering, Mehsana
Unitedworld School of Business, Ahmedabad
Vishwakarma Government Engineering College, Gandhinagar
